Crescent Moon Crescent Moon No Young Master
What happened just now was all a misunderstanding, all a misunderstanding
It's all a misunderstanding
Yes, we were wrong.
Crescent Moon
You're not mad at me, are you?
Is there anything else?
That's right, you see, we are all classmates too
Otherwise, add a contact information.
We can contact you often in the future.
No need, Wanyuan
Master Wan
Hey, Master Wan
Are the wool employees still the high-quality ones?
OK
Gao Shi has a fixed set of personnel management models
We won't change for a while.
The company atmosphere is not right
A Trend PR Manager
Just take it outside and ask for 5 micro.
I think it's time to rectify
What's wrong, young master, it's not good
Something happened to the tempted consortium